(HW2023 cleanup) Random tiny fixes (#2588)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/ssl-certs-hsts.adoc

{productname} allows enabling HSTS, to enable it for a {productname} Server:

> .Procedure

Reviewer: For formal procedure, we probable better avoid the 1., 2., etc. numbering.

Author: They were from the beginning. I am not changing anything structurally in the file, just the formatting for the purpose of consistency.

1. Edit `/etc/apache2/conf.d/zz-spacewalk-www.conf`
2. Uncomment the line `# Header always set Strict-Transport-Security "max-age=63072000; includeSubDomains"`
3. Restart Apache with `systemctl restart apache2`

To enable it for {productname} Proxies:

> .Procedure

Reviewer: The same here

Author: Same here :) See comment above.

1. Edit `/etc/apache2/conf.d/spacewalk-proxy.conf`
2. Uncomment the line `# Header always set Strict-Transport-Security "max-age=63072000; includeSubDomains"`
3. Restart Apache with `systemctl restart apache2`

[IMPORTANT] 
====

> Once HSTS is enabled while using the default SSL certificate generated by {productname} or a self-signed certificate, browsers will refuse to connect using HTTPS unless the CA used to sign such certificates is trusted by the browser.

Reviewer: Trying to avoid too many "use" words in one sentence ;)
```suggestion
When HSTS is enabled while using the default SSL certificate generated by {productname} or a self-signed certificate, browsers will refuse to connect with HTTPS unless the CA used to sign such certificates is trusted by the browser.
```
